This week, I really struggled. I think that was in large part due to not knowing a lot of the technology we were using, but also how long I was spending on the modules, trying to make sure I was getting them working. I didn’t really get started on any of the assignments until Thursday, I believe. These were very informative exercises, though, because in the program so far, we have not made real mobile applications with a ton of features, but these apps feel very feature-rich and professional. I think I have spent a total of 60 plus hours this week on this class alone. That being said, this is the most difficult class in the program so far, I think. The light is at the end of the tunnel, though. Specifically on this App, though, I was running into issues with cross functionality between using the native maps and web, but they worked fine on iOS. I was also having this problem with permissions. I think the app asked maybe once about location permissions, but then said background permissions were permanently declined, and I read it will do that on the iOS simulator, but I was getting the same error on my phone, so maybe I just didn’t have Expo Go configured correctly or something along those lines. I also don’t have a great grasp of what services and API are needed to go with what, so I tried to stick close to what the modules had during the week, and what felt familiar, I would say. I think it also hurt I think that I wasn’t able to attend a lecture this week cause I have had this Professor before and he is very helpful and did spend almost four hours with me in a zoom call one night trying to figure it out. I am excited and optimistic for the final week of class.
